Update (#3)
ethstorage/web3url-doc: README.md

# Web3 protocol

> ``web3://`` is a new protocol to access content returned by smartcontracts in EVM-compatible blockchains. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``web3://`` is a new protocol to access content returned by smart contracts in EVM-compatible blockchains. 
```

I think we should use "smart contract" instead of "smartcontract" (as used by Ethereum docs).

Author: Ok I'll update that everywhere!

## 2 categories of smart contracts

Before fetching data, the ``web3://`` protocol determine the **resolve mode** of the smart contract, to know how to deal with it. Learn more about [resolve modes](structure/resolve-mode.md).

### Generic smart contracts

The vast majority of existing smart contracts were not specifically designed for the ``web3://`` protocol and thus the **resolve mode** will be ``auto``.

In this mode, the URL is structured to identify the smart contract method to call, and the structure of the returned data. ``web3://usdc.eth/balanceOf/nemorino.eth?returns=(uint256)`` is an example of URL with a **resolve mode** of ``auto``.

Learn more about [auto mode URLs](structure/mode-auto.md)

### Smart contracts designed for ``web3://``

When a smart contract is designed for the ``web3://`` protocol, it will implement a specific interface, and there is much more freedom with URL paths.

Two differents **resolve modes** exists for this scenario: ``manual`` and ``resource request``. ``web3://w3url.eth`` is an example of URL with a **resolve mode** of ``manual``.

> Learn more about [manual mode URLs](structure/mode-manual.md) and [5219 mode URLs](structure/mode-auto.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about [manual mode URLs](structure/mode-manual.md) and [5219 mode URLs](structure/mode-resource-request.md)
```
